Release/v2.0.0 (#23)
iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-oracle-factory-wrapper: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [2.0.0] 2023-09-05

> ### Changed
> 
> - Changed the default IPFS gateway to the v8 stack-specific gateway.
> - Upgraded iexec sdk to version 8.2.1.
> - Upgraded react-wallet-manager to version 2.0.1.
> - Migrated from CommonJs to ES modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed

- Migrated from `ipfs` to `kubo-rpc-client` with iExec v8 stack-specific IPFS node for IPFS upload.
- Migrated from iExec v7 to iExec v8 (upgraded iexec sdk to version 8.2.1).
- Migrated from CommonJs to ES modules.
```
